Artificial Intelligence



Artificial Intelligence is a new energy that technology needs. The way Artificial Intelligence is rolling out on the red carpet and peaking the mountains of technology embarks its importance in future years. Artificial Intelligence has a high potential to change human interaction with the digital world and each other.


What is AI?

AI traditionally refers to an artificial creation of human-like intelligence that can learn, reason, plan, perceive or process natural language. AI is internet-enabled technology and is critical to developing an internet that people can trust. The ideal characteristic of artificial intelligence is its ability to rationalize and take actions that have the best chance of achieving a specific goal. The goals of artificial intelligence include mimicking human cognitive activity completely. In the first decades of the 21st century, access to large amounts of data (known as 'big data') became cheaper and faster with computers and advanced machine learning techniques were successfully applied to many problems throughout the economy.





A subset of artificial intelligence is machine learning which refers to the concept that computer programs can automatically learn from and adopt new data without being assisted by humans. Deep learning techniques are ways of automatic learning through the absorption of large amounts of unstructured data such as text, images or videos. Machine Learning is a field of artificial intelligence that keeps a computer's built-in algorithms current regardless of the change in the worldwide economy. A complex algorithm or source code built into a computer allows the machine to identify data and make predictions around the data predicted. It helps pass the immense amount of information available consistently and readily to the world to assist in decision making. Machine Learning applies to various fields such as investing, advertising, lending, managing news and many more.

Myths about AI                                                                                                                              

AI will eat up human jobs
AI requires huge investment
AI can sort any complex data
 


Facts denying myths

AI is for all.
AI works on human fed programs.
AI complements humans and creates new opportunities for them
                                                                                           

    





Conclusion

 Robots are the best example of AI and most understandable also. Other considerable examples are chess and self-driven cars. AI has marked its presence in all fields, so it is the future of the human digital world. Research and developments by the young technologists strongly embark on the significance of AI in future generations. A world with AI will be a lot more superior and comfortable. 

Let's bang on to developing this world as AI friendly to move ahead with the innovation.



